if as I wear a fez now this is so cool
oh my god lads switching has fix oh my
god this is probably the best update
ever in my opinion that's the amount of
combos oh all sorts of be put on my
screen yeah I comas are we flying out
you know what I'm gonna be risking moles
left right and center cause this is
going to be modeled also my friend has
told me if you get red bad as in 1 hp
you know I have like a little bit left
rather than it shows you have none may
the amount on the red bar people and
that's happening is ridiculous it's just
a little I'm just going to be careful on
there's these Marinette things that are
out and they still quite a bit so like
so if I was just attack this guy and
then a Christmas joke a lot so I sort of
jump it and then I could like to walk
out G more yeah well as an MSP spec but
it you can't see any of it so you know
just little things be careful about gosh
I better write something just to be
careful about and I'm gonna show you
guys now can you and the know and so let
me do that and then I can sort just run
in with all those dds specs I know you
can't run with it I don't mind okay so
if i do that yeah you can just sort of
keep dds back in and they can't even see
you is there any sense it's gonna be a
really like weird way to PK because no
one can see but you gotta sign next to
them just something to be aware of when
your P gain you know I I wouldn't i
personally wouldn't do in your response
caused you cannot see a single thing
they're doing
takes like a little bit of time to put
out a G more devious or something and
just to you know that I can just force
back here without him even knowing that
I'm doing it you know and I guess I can
just do it again all right it doesn't
delay anything it just covers that your
spec in it that make sense yeah it's
just a few things to be aware of i'm
going to try out the commoner okay so i
need to do so jump and then dds the
jeweled azizam looked pretty cool and
look without him even see anything he's
low HP and i have no spec less as you
can see i'm going to show you one more
regime or just yeah i was going to show
you a G more now because I imagine if i
can get a nice hit I don't one doing
that on so I'm going to do that and then
that and then look at that here i just
won him oh my god the game's gonna be
ridiculous EOP now Oh mate over we get
wait yellow well I think I just one hit
on without him even knowing which M
which is pretty opium any back to the
door I'm gonna match the wild and try
few more things just to show you that's
what we're gonna do is try and practice
one ticking now it's gonna wait it's
going to be the best on my AG SPO which
is coming up I'm guessing your sis down
exponentially I'll stand next to him if
you want as you know I know you won't
we're gonna make if this is actually
legitly fixed I cannot wait to start oh
you actually can as well oh my god you
can do it oh my god 16 25 26 that's just
a sort of round up on top of this video
this video's mainly for two things one
to warn you about
things which I showed earlier in the
video if you use a look at Anna Moton
the marionette in before pen and if
you're using a moment on the Marinette
it sort of stalls it you know any random
any around and one jump is these ones
it's the first one there and you can
yeah you can just do a normal jump and
then G moves back and they won't even
see the G more and also obviously
another notification saying switching is
fixed combos they expect bars fixed
everything is pretty joy so obviously
haven't begin a while come back to be
gained and expect some more videos from
myself because this is probably in my
opinion I mean I play this game too
makes it combos and you know to hit big
hits and to basically to make videos for
you guys and now it's switched you know
can also anything better so in my
opinion best update JX have ever done I
could I say that could I dare to say
that apparently God Wars you can own now
not the other there you can now no
longer like run bosses like you can't
sort run underneath and dance them there
might be a little bit trouble with
something you guys I don't know if if
all if any of you are PBM is out there
but also when you try and follow someone
now is no there's no longer that pig
thing where you sort of follow them for
a few seconds then drop behind them
basically like wait there's a run that's
all fixed which is quite good so um yeah
pretty different video for me really
long 13 actually obviously check your
thought was down in the comments i'll
try and get back to you and yeah have a
good Christmas guys Cheers